Kenneth Roth is a former Executive
Director of Human Rights Watch and a
visiting professor at Princeton
University he says the US has the
leverage to stop Israel's
attacks government should have been
pausing already because you know whether
this is genocide or simply large scale
war crimes the fact is it's horrible um
there are what you know an estimated
12,000 and probably that's a small
number in underestimate but 12,000
civilian casualties so far and you know
the Israeli government is reg ly
indiscriminately bombing neighborhoods
even attacking military targets knowing
that the harm to civilians would be
disproportionate you know we saw that in
the jabalia refugee camp um we see this
in the attacks on hospitals where you
know at this point that um it's clear
that there is no immediate threat to the
Israeli government coming from the
hospitals you know they're they're
scraping to find a rifle here or a
backpack there um but the the rule to
you know breach the protection of a
hospital is that it has to pose an
immediate military threat which clearly
is not the case so you know there's just
so much to be concerned about and the US
government in particular which you know
sells all of Israel's arms you know has
been shoveling 3.8 billion dollars a
year to the Israeli military and now
wants to send 14 billion more it has the
leverage to stop these attacks on
civilians it's not using it you know
it's been pressing for drips and drabs
of humanitarian Aid it's been saying oh
be a little bit more careful about
civilian casualties but it hasn't really
drawn the line and said the form of
warfare is utterly
inappropriate